Update Azure Identity docs for new azd credential (#33707)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/README.md

1. **Managed Identity** - If the application is deployed to an Azure host with Managed Identity enabled, the `DefaultAzureCredential` will authenticate with that account.
1. **Azure Developer CLI** - If the developer has authenticated via the Azure Developer CLI `azd login` command, the `DefaultAzureCredential` will authenticate with that account.
1. **Visual Studio** - If the developer has authenticated via Visual Studio, the `DefaultAzureCredential` will authenticate with that account.
1. **Visual Studio Code** - Currently excluded by default as SDK authentication via Visual Studio Code is broken due to issue [#27263](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/27263). The `VisualStudioCodeCredential` will be re-enabled in the `DefaultAzureCredential` flow once a fix is in place. Issue [#30525](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/30525) tracks this. In the meantime Visual Studio Code users can authenticate their development environment using the [Azure CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/cli/azure/).

> 1. **Azure CLI** - If the developer has authenticated an account via the Azure CLI `az login` command, the `DefaultAzureCredential` will authenticate with that account.

Reviewer: should azd have gone here?

Author: It's on line 90

|Credential | Usage | Reference
|-|-|-
|[`AzureCliCredential`][ref_AzureCliCredential]|Authenticates in a development environment with the Azure CLI. | [Azure CLI authentication](https://learn.microsoft.com/cli/azure/authenticate-azure-cli)

> |`AzureDeveloperCliCredential`|Authenticates in a development environment with the Azure Developer CLI. | N/A

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`AzureDeveloperCliCredential`|Authenticates in a development environment with the Azure Developer CLI. | [Azure Developer CLI Reference](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/developer/azure-developer-cli/reference?source=recommendations)
```
